Come to Brother Zhou
Brother Zhou let go of his stomach and eat
Spend today on me
Brother Qin, you and I are both brothers
If it's a big deal, let's just say it
Don't be so polite
What makes you think that?
I just think the brothers came out to get together after not seeing each other for a long time
How can you think of me as such a person?
That seems to be taking the belly of a gentleman with the heart of a villain
That's a big deal for me, how could I bother you, Brother Zhou?
It's just that the younger brother does have a small matter that needs the help of Brother Zhou.
The eldest son knows
Brother Qin has something to say, but it doesn't matter
It is no problem to specify what you can do below.
I am relieved to have Brother Zhou's words
It's not really a big deal
Brother Zhou should know that our Qin family has been targeted recently
I do know something about this.
But I don't know the identity of the other party either.
You don't want me to find out who the other party is
Hi no no that's fine
In this capital
If you can stare at your Qin family for so long, it won't show that the mountain is leaking.
Absolutely hate him for the rest of my life
I'm afraid my Zhou family can't afford to offend me.
Do I look like a pimp?
Hmm, really not like
I wonder what Brother Qin wants me to do this time
Dude, I'm going on a long trip in two days
I just don't want anyone to know
I wonder if Brother Zhou can help me with this
This one?
Really can't
But you gotta tell me where you're going.
Otherwise, how can I help you?
It seems that Brother Qin still can't believe it
Well, forget it.
Since Brother Zhou wants to know
I'll tell you what.
But you can't tell anyone it's a sin